=============
#heat Meeting
=============


Meeting started by sdake at 21:03:35 UTC. The full logs are available at
heat/2012/heat.2012-06-18-21.03.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* rollcall  (sdake, 21:05:06)

* agenda items  (sdake, 21:05:53)

* standing on v4 release  (sdake, 21:07:33)
  * LINK: https://bugzilla.redhat.com/show_bug.cgi?id=832449
    (asalkeld, 21:09:08)
  * ACTION: slower to test HA feature set  (sdake, 21:11:21)
  * ACTION: asalkeld to write wiki page describing how to setup
    cloudwatch+HA  (sdake, 21:11:30)
  * ACTION: zaneb to test per user stacks and auth work done by slower
    (sdake, 21:16:01)
  * AGREED: move boto support to v5 as main feature  (sdake, 21:16:20)
  * ACTION: shardy to test nested stacks  (sdake, 21:18:59)
  * AGREED: holding release until ubuntu 12 quickstart guide works
    properly  (sdake, 21:22:03)
  * LINK: https://github.com/heat-api/heat-jeos/issues/1   (asalkeld,
    21:23:16)
  * ACTION: jpeeler to finish quickstart guide for u12 possibliy with
    sdake  (sdake, 21:25:56)
  * ACTION: sdake test jpeeler's u12 quickstart guide  (sdake, 21:26:07)
  * ACTION: shadower modify fedora templates to have a TimeoutSec as per
    issue #1  (sdake, 21:26:25)
  * ACTION: asalkeld run through jeos toolchain make sure it is sanitary
    and works properly  (sdake, 21:26:48)
  * ACTION: asalkeld investigate openstack f17 bug  (sdake, 21:27:01)
  * AGREED: target release of v4 for June 26th with above mentioned
    roadmap features  (sdake, 21:29:58)

* dev windows  (sdake, 21:30:17)
  * AGREED: release cycle depending on feature set rather then static
    5wks+1wk test  (sdake, 21:32:47)

* release notes  (sdake, 21:33:05)
  * AGREED: slower release manager for v4  (sdake, 21:37:40)

* open items  (sdake, 21:46:51)

* heat devs rock  (sdake, 21:48:28)

Meeting ended at 21:49:24 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* slower to test HA feature set
* asalkeld to write wiki page describing how to setup cloudwatch+HA
* zaneb to test per user stacks and auth work done by slower
* shardy to test nested stacks
* jpeeler to finish quickstart guide for u12 possibliy with sdake
* sdake test jpeeler's u12 quickstart guide
* shadower modify fedora templates to have a TimeoutSec as per issue #1
* asalkeld run through jeos toolchain make sure it is sanitary and works
  properly
* asalkeld investigate openstack f17 bug




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* asalkeld
  * asalkeld to write wiki page describing how to setup cloudwatch+HA
  * asalkeld run through jeos toolchain make sure it is sanitary and
    works properly
  * asalkeld investigate openstack f17 bug
* jpeeler
  * jpeeler to finish quickstart guide for u12 possibliy with sdake
  * sdake test jpeeler's u12 quickstart guide
* sdake
  * jpeeler to finish quickstart guide for u12 possibliy with sdake
  * sdake test jpeeler's u12 quickstart guide
* shadower
  * shadower modify fedora templates to have a TimeoutSec as per issue
    #1
* shardy
  * shardy to test nested stacks
* slower
  * slower to test HA feature set
  * zaneb to test per user stacks and auth work done by slower
* zaneb
  * zaneb to test per user stacks and auth work done by slower
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* sdake (139)
* Slower (50)
* asalkeld (26)
* zaneb (20)
* shardy (17)
* shadower (14)
* jpeeler (11)
* mheat-bot (5)
* slower (0)
* funzo (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
