=============
#heat Meeting
=============


Meeting started by sdake at 21:12:45 UTC. The full logs are available at
heat/2012/heat.2012-09-10-21.12.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* rollcall  (sdake, 21:14:29)
  * sdake, steveb_ slower shardy zaneb jpeeler present  (sdake,
    21:16:19)

* heat-v6  (sdake, 21:16:33)
  * LINK: https://github.com/heat-api/heat/issues?milestone=7&state=open
    (sdake, 21:17:12)
  * team voted to move v6 release to September 18th, 2012  (sdake,
    21:23:56)

* half-day incibuation miniconf at OpenStack Summit in San Diego
  (sdake, 21:43:44)
  * agenda item for summit - New Orchestration API from Zane  (sdake,
    21:54:19)
  * agenda item for summit - What CloudWatch is and how to make it a
    reality in OpenStack  (sdake, 21:54:37)
  * agenda item for summit - heat roadmap feature open suggestions
    (sdake, 21:55:10)
  * agenda item for summit -overview of heat  (sdake, 21:55:51)

* open  items  (sdake, 21:56:52)

Meeting ended at 22:07:24 UTC.




Action Items
------------





Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * (none)




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* sdake (123)
* zaneb (34)
* asalkeld (17)
* shardy (16)
* steveb_ (12)
* Slower (10)
* jpeeler (6)
* mheat-bot` (2)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
