20:59:15 <funzo> #startmeeting
20:59:15 <mheat-bot> Meeting started Mon May  7 20:59:15 2012 UTC.  The chair is funzo. Information about MeetBot at http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot.
20:59:15 <mheat-bot> Useful Commands: #action #agreed #help #info #idea #link #topic.
20:59:20 <Slower> looks good
20:59:44 <funzo> #chair asalkeld blomquisg jaypipes-afk jpeeler sdake shadower Slower zaneb
20:59:44 <mheat-bot> Current chairs: Slower asalkeld blomquisg funzo jaypipes-afk jpeeler sdake shadower zaneb
20:59:49 <funzo> proposed agenda:
20:59:55 <funzo> - roadmap items status - HA - Test infra and cases, CI - Template support parity - User security
20:59:58 <funzo> - milestone scope and date review - V3 5/28
21:00:01 <funzo> - google accounts, hangout summit
21:00:03 <funzo> - design decisions - error reporting to the client - metadata server
21:00:17 <funzo> any one need to add or change agenda items?
21:01:03 <asalkeld> looks good to me
21:01:09 <sdake> ya
21:01:13 <funzo> Ok, then let's get started
21:01:24 <funzo> #topic roadmap items status
21:01:31 <funzo> angus want to give an HA status
21:01:39 <asalkeld> ok
21:01:51 <asalkeld> so almost there
21:01:58 <asalkeld> done cfn-hup
21:02:00 <sdake> 2 more weeks then ? :)
21:02:08 <asalkeld> done metadata server
21:02:31 <asalkeld> just need to hookup the last bit
21:02:38 <asalkeld> week or 2
21:02:45 <funzo> any additional help required from others?
21:02:49 <sdake> 2 weeks reference to an old movie from the 80s..
21:03:24 <asalkeld> funzo, not really
21:03:32 <funzo> alright, then on to Test infra and cases and CI
21:03:43 <funzo> jpeeler: anything to report on the CI?
21:04:04 <jpeeler> funzo: no... i plan on doing that this week
21:04:23 <funzo> ok, I started the stacks crud tests, but got a little distracted with bug fixes
21:04:31 <funzo> ...and creating my own bugs in the the tests
21:04:38 <funzo> should get that squared away tomorrow
21:04:56 <zaneb> I'm still working on an environment to run the getting started test in
21:04:58 <funzo> has anyone else been working on tests?
21:05:13 <asalkeld> just cfn related ones
21:05:24 <jpeeler> i was working on a functional jeos_create test
21:05:26 <sdake> i worked a bit on making some validation code to test out the validation
21:05:32 <sdake> haven't got to test cases yet
21:05:38 <asalkeld> but I should do the waitCondition ones
21:05:43 <Slower> sorry not really, but I can start doing more this week
21:06:00 <funzo> yeah, seems like that always takes second chair to stuff
21:06:17 <funzo> template support parity
21:06:31 <sdake> imo having good validation tests should help us tremendously
21:06:44 <sdake> we can jam stuff into the validator
21:06:48 <sdake> and find all sorts of problems ;)
21:07:23 <asalkeld> funzo, what do you want from this topic?
21:07:38 <asalkeld> thoughts on....
21:07:54 <asalkeld> what resources to impl. next?
21:07:55 <funzo> well, this is kind of a broad topic
21:07:58 <funzo> right
21:08:01 <funzo> so the table page was created
21:08:03 <sdake> template parity support - can discuss at our virtuaal summit
21:08:08 <asalkeld> IAM::
21:08:10 <funzo> you had sent out the rails template
21:08:45 <asalkeld> ya well I just wanted a "normal/simple" template
21:08:47 <funzo> asalkeld: IAM:: meaning we need the iam impl to support most of the templates/
21:08:56 <asalkeld> ya
21:08:59 <zaneb> for tracking them by milestones, I suggest creating an issue for each and linking to it from the wiki page (instead of just saying "required")
21:09:19 <sdake> we have 3 months of partiy work
21:09:19 <funzo> zaneb: I like that idea
21:09:26 <sdake> lets sort out which ones we are going to do first
21:09:28 <asalkeld> zaneb, I think all are required
21:09:30 <zaneb> PARTY!!!
21:09:40 <sdake> zane's off to amsterdam this week
21:10:03 <asalkeld> good thinking
21:10:12 <sdake> all required, but we should focus on ones that matter most first
21:10:22 <zaneb> right, ok
21:10:23 <sdake> we can come to conclusion at the virtual summit what those are
21:10:31 <asalkeld> sure order
21:10:48 <funzo> ok, then how about an update on the the topic of user security
21:11:07 <Slower> Well I finished the findings/recomendations and put them on the wiki
21:11:33 <Slower> I actually even started working on ec2 AWS style authentication
21:11:47 <asalkeld> nice
21:11:48 <sdake> would like more detail
21:11:48 <Slower> because shardy was trying to get boto working
21:12:10 <asalkeld> Slower, you could make a branch for that
21:12:12 <jpeeler> Slower: we need to link up on that. i've been focused on looking it over recently
21:12:13 <shardy> Yup, sorry we did't manage to discuss last week Slower
21:12:55 <funzo> so, it sounds like from the content of most of the templates the IAM impl is top priority, right?
21:12:59 <Slower> yes I followed your lead/post there shardy and started working on it
21:13:21 <Slower> also boto uses eg Action=ListEvents
21:13:23 <sdake> slower/shardy/jpeeler, can you put more detail about the flow of info in the system
21:13:32 <Slower> instead of paths - /ListEvents like we have
21:13:34 <sdake> i think there are things in your brain that are not on the wiki page
21:13:59 <Slower> sdake: yes, at some point though you may as well just implement it as document every little aspect no? :)
21:14:02 <shardy> sdake: I wrote some notes re my boto investigations, will copy into a wiki page
21:14:16 <shardy> they're linked from #92 for now
21:14:17 <funzo> #action shardy update wiki with boto investigation
21:14:31 <Slower> sdake: but if you want I can try to put in more depth
21:14:37 <sdake> purpose of wiki page is that anyone could understand the wiki page and implement the feature, not necessarily the person who wrote the wiki
21:14:47 <shardy> Slower: Looking at the AWS docs, it looks like Action=ListEvents is correct
21:14:57 <asalkeld> sdake, that is a full design doc
21:15:08 <asalkeld> let them code already
21:15:10 <sdake> asalkeld ha didn't have a full design doc
21:15:10 <shardy> perhaps we can discuss after
21:15:21 <Slower> shardy: yes
21:15:22 <asalkeld> exactly
21:15:23 <sdake> but was understandable in terms of features
21:15:37 <Slower> I think if you looked at the code and read the wiki page you could figure it out
21:15:39 <sdake> it isn't clear to me what work needs to be done from the security topic
21:15:41 <asalkeld> I think it is unnecessary
21:16:16 <Slower> sdake: so the 'Recommendations' section maybe needs to be fleshed out?
21:16:25 <sdake> slower sounds good
21:16:34 <Slower> ok
21:16:45 <Slower> do we want to move to implementing this stuff soon?
21:16:45 <sdake> break into tasks
21:16:52 <funzo> k, so let's move on to the milestone scope / date review
21:16:59 <funzo> and see what can fit in scope
21:17:02 <Slower> ok
21:17:09 <funzo> #topic milestone scope and date review
21:17:26 <funzo> the current milestone is V3, which we put an end date on of 5/28
21:17:42 <funzo> I think we've gotten pretty loose on issues assigned to milestones
21:18:03 <asalkeld> ha should be there
21:18:08 <funzo> there are currently 6 issues assigned to V3
21:18:12 <sdake> thats ok, as long as we can generate a tarball that is relatively functional
21:18:30 <funzo> If you would (everyone) assign the tasks you're working on to V3 if they are going to be in that release
21:18:46 <funzo> if you're working on something that doesn't have an issue  created, please create it, assign it to yourself and the milestone
21:18:58 <funzo> did we decide to push the date out by a week?
21:19:04 <funzo> for the CI work to be in scope?
21:19:12 <sdake> yes
21:19:29 <funzo> ok, then I will update the end date to be 6/4
21:19:33 <funzo> which is a Monday
21:20:01 <funzo> is anyone working on issues that aren't in V3?
21:20:20 <Slower> it looks like I am? :)
21:20:48 <sdake> ha -> parity -> security is current ordering after testing wraps up
21:21:04 <asalkeld> none of the ha ones have a milestone
21:21:16 <Slower> ok
21:21:21 <Slower> and when do we plan to have testing done by?
21:21:28 <funzo> ok, if you all can assign your stuff to the milestone, that would be helpful to keep track of things
21:21:35 <Slower> ok
21:21:47 <funzo> CI is supposed to be in V3, right?
21:21:57 <sdake> ci/test cases = v3
21:22:02 <funzo> the tests will continue to be implemented forever
21:22:03 <sdake> ha + some parity = v4
21:22:10 <funzo> but we should have a pretty good coverage in v3
21:22:32 <Slower> well what I am wondering is when do we stop focusing on tests and work on eg security
21:22:36 <funzo> asalkeld: do you think ha should be in v3?
21:22:41 <Slower> since that is the ordering
21:22:46 <asalkeld> can be
21:23:00 <sdake> should be
21:23:01 <asalkeld> (it will be ready I think)
21:23:03 <funzo> you're making a ton of progress on it, and in 2 weeks, we are still well within v3 release
21:23:19 <sdake> for some reason i thought v3 was end of this week
21:23:27 <sdake> not june
21:23:37 <funzo> it was the end of may
21:23:50 <funzo> and we just agreed to push it out a week
21:23:54 <funzo> did we have the dates wrong?
21:23:56 <sdake> we had two weeks on it 2 weeks ago and agreed to push it a week
21:24:07 <sdake> so the tox.ini ci could be finished
21:24:16 <funzo> two weeks ago we changed our release timeline entirely
21:24:18 <sdake> so testing wraps this week, that is v3, then v4 is 4+ weeks
21:24:33 <Slower> ah that makes more sense :)
21:24:33 <sdake> ya, but it was a week after we had started the test milestone
21:24:50 <funzo> ok, let's reset this then
21:24:51 <sdake> it doesn't really matter, but we don't want to go 7 weeks without a release
21:24:52 <funzo> just so I'm clear
21:25:58 <sdake> we want a test milestone - without any other major features
21:26:10 <sdake> that should be as soon as tox.ini + ci is rolling
21:26:31 <funzo> ok, let's restate the milestone dates quickly
21:26:48 <funzo> We are working on V3 right now, which should end at the end of this month?
21:26:59 <funzo> or in two weeks/
21:27:00 <funzo> ?
21:27:01 <sdake> end of week
21:27:09 <sdake> if jpeeler can get tox.ini working
21:27:12 <funzo> ok, on 5/11
21:27:15 <sdake> this is why i was unable to take on tox.ini last week
21:27:27 <sdake> because we had two weeks and i have ton of other stuff working on atm
21:27:43 <funzo> #action funzo set milestone end date for 5/14 (a monday)
21:28:20 <sdake> puts v4 at june 11th
21:28:24 <sdake> or june 18th (5 weeks)
21:28:31 <funzo> ok, then anyone working on issues that are not in the test/ci work, please assign tasks to v4
21:28:47 <Slower> ok
21:29:06 <funzo> sdake: you have been doing all the release mechanics so far
21:29:10 <funzo> do you want to rotate the responsibility?
21:29:35 <funzo> 1) getting started page 2) tagging
21:29:38 <funzo> what else
21:29:39 <sdake> i can handle or others can if ppl want
21:29:44 <sdake> testing......
21:29:59 <funzo> if you decide you hate us, and go somewhere else we need to be able to carry the torch
21:30:10 <sdake> no hate ;)
21:30:13 <funzo> if nothing else put it in a README
21:30:39 <sdake> #action sdake to document release process via wiki
21:31:02 <funzo> ok, on to the next agenda item?
21:31:13 <funzo> #topic google accounts, hangout summit
21:31:43 <funzo> sdake: sent out a suggestion to the ML to discuss the organization of template parity via google hangout
21:32:10 <asalkeld> sounds fine
21:32:17 <funzo> a meeting with the added benefit of free voice communication
21:32:19 <asalkeld> could be skype also
21:32:39 <funzo> does anyone not have a gmail address?
21:32:40 <sdake> eveyrone have mic
21:32:50 <zaneb> I don't have a G+ account, and I'm not planning to get one
21:32:50 <asalkeld> and web cam
21:33:00 <funzo> what about a skype account?
21:33:03 <zaneb> but I don't think the times are going to work out anyway
21:33:09 <zaneb> skype, yes
21:33:39 <funzo> the suggestion was to use this meeting time next week
21:33:53 <funzo> is everyone ok with using skype for this?
21:33:58 <funzo> I'll create an account
21:33:59 <asalkeld> ya
21:34:04 <Slower> yes
21:34:11 <funzo> k, look for an invite soon
21:34:21 <funzo> #action setup skype meeting for next week
21:34:26 <funzo> #action funzo setup skype meeting for next week
21:34:34 <funzo> #undo
21:34:34 <mheat-bot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Action object at 0x16ab8d0>
21:34:36 <funzo> #undo
21:34:36 <mheat-bot> Removing item from minutes: <MeetBot.items.Action object at 0x16ab050>
21:34:37 <funzo> #action funzo setup skype meeting for next week
21:34:57 <sdake> does anyone not have a mic?
21:35:24 <funzo> mc dake on the mic
21:35:37 <funzo> ok, next topic then
21:35:44 <funzo> #topic design decisions
21:35:46 <jpeeler> i don't think the linux client can use video conferencing can it?
21:35:59 <asalkeld> yip it can
21:36:03 <funzo> jpehttp://www.skype.com/intl/en-us/get-skype/on-your-computer/linux/
21:36:32 <funzo> jpeeler: oh you mean a specific feature?
21:36:33 <asalkeld> I do screen/application shares + normal video often
21:36:36 <funzo> i'm not a skype user
21:36:50 <asalkeld> skype works well
21:36:54 <funzo> ok
21:37:03 <asalkeld> very ocational crashes
21:37:14 <jpeeler> funzo: yeah i mean specifically video with multiple participants, but maybe it has it now
21:37:30 <funzo> I'll bother a couple people this week to help me test it out
21:37:33 <Slower> yeah we should test it
21:37:44 <funzo> #action funzo test out the multiperson conference feature on skype
21:37:58 <funzo> alrighty, design decisions
21:38:20 <funzo> I spent time on the looking at the validation error reporting today
21:38:45 <funzo> and I would like to use the webob.exc.HTTP*Response objects for reporting non 200 errors to the client
21:38:52 <funzo> anyone opposed?
21:39:02 <asalkeld> funzo, have you changed topic?
21:39:12 <funzo> yeah, to design decisions
21:39:38 <asalkeld> ok
21:39:39 <funzo> asalkeld: did you want to add to the previous?
21:39:48 <asalkeld> nope all good
21:40:16 <funzo> ok, the reason I think it's important to discuss this decision in the group setting is that we need to report errors consistently
21:40:21 <zaneb> funzo: can you translate that? Are you saying that you're going to use the http body to report the error back?
21:40:30 <funzo> so that the amqp rpc marshalling and client parse errors correctly
21:40:38 <Slower> funzo: is that going to work properly with boto?
21:40:46 <funzo> today, we aren't sending back any HTTP response codes or messags consistently
21:40:57 <funzo> sdake: recently introduced a validation framework
21:41:03 <sdake> aws has specific requirements about return codes
21:41:08 <sdake> boto i would expect would handle them
21:41:12 <funzo> right
21:41:14 <zaneb> we need to follow the aws spec, surely?
21:41:25 <asalkeld> need to seperate engine api from rest
21:41:26 <sdake> the aws spec is clear in the area of return codes
21:41:34 <Slower> is moving to boto going to be part of v4?
21:41:38 <zaneb> and by spec, I mean copy what they do, since it's not documented :(
21:41:54 <sdake> it is somewhat documented
21:42:00 <zaneb> return codes are
21:42:01 <funzo> there is a cfn-api doc that outlines all the errors and the  format
21:42:02 <sdake> i found a doc today couple hundred pages
21:42:08 <zaneb> the body is not, afaik
21:42:15 <shardy> sdake: boto doesn't handle all error codes properly yet AFAICS
21:42:29 <shardy> specifically version negotiaton
21:42:40 <funzo> awsdocs.s3.amazonaws.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/cfn-api.pdf
21:42:44 <funzo> http://awsdocs.s3.amazonaws.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/cfn-api.pdf
21:42:51 <asalkeld> shardy, they take patches (are they responsive)
21:42:54 <funzo> page 43
21:43:15 <shardy> asalkeld: Yup, will send some soon, still working out what works and what needs work
21:43:24 <asalkeld> k
21:43:48 <zaneb> funzo: that's nice, but next to useless in knowing what you actually need to return
21:43:55 <funzo> so, my point is the engine will detect errors and needs to send them back in a useful format (consistently)
21:44:13 <zaneb> <ErrorResponse xmlns="http://cloudformation.amazonaws.com/doc/2010-05-15/">
21:44:13 <zaneb> <Error>
21:44:13 <zaneb> <Type>Sender</Type>
21:44:13 <zaneb> <Code>ValidationError</Code>
21:44:13 <zaneb> <Message>Either StackName or PhysicalResourceId must be specified.</Message>
21:44:14 <zaneb> </Error>
21:44:16 <zaneb> <RequestId>23b7c67a-dd60-11e0-be70-4b5f6f6e41dc</RequestId>
21:44:18 <zaneb> </ErrorResponse>
21:44:23 <zaneb> response should look a bit like that
21:44:39 <Slower> funzo: well so long as you get proper error codes I'm fine however you want to do it :)
21:45:19 <funzo> zaneb: where ValidationError is an http response code?
21:45:27 <funzo> or is that the actual string?
21:45:32 <zaneb> nope, literal string
21:45:49 <funzo> sooo, no http response code in a response?
21:45:57 <zaneb> so that whole thing is the body of the http response
21:46:08 <zaneb> the code from page 43 is in the header
21:46:17 <funzo> ok
21:46:36 <asalkeld> funzo, it is the validate - argubly not valid is valid
21:47:02 <zaneb> fyi, that error message was not from doing a validate
21:47:08 <zaneb> it was just a generic invalid command
21:47:15 <funzo> looking at the nova code, they send back invalid as 400
21:47:32 <zaneb> you'll have to check against AWS to find out the correct formats for everything
21:47:42 <asalkeld> funzo, I would expect that in the create
21:48:02 <Slower> s/codes/response
21:48:20 <funzo> ok
21:48:28 <funzo> any other input on the topic?
21:48:49 <funzo> any further discussion on the metadata server needed?
21:49:50 <funzo> are the metadata server calls currently being invoked?
21:50:01 <funzo> so, I saw shadower|g0n3 's email
21:50:07 <asalkeld> ya from cfn-signal
21:50:18 <funzo> ok, does that mean we need to recreate the jeos images?
21:50:21 <asalkeld> and cfn-init
21:50:34 <asalkeld> sure why not
21:50:48 <funzo> I guess I missed on whether it is required or not
21:51:05 <funzo> ok
21:51:08 <funzo> anything else?
21:51:11 <asalkeld> if you have waitconditions in your template
21:51:17 <asalkeld> you will need it
21:51:20 <asalkeld> else no
21:51:46 <funzo> anyone have any other topics to bring up to the team?
21:52:02 <funzo> if not, we can call this meeting closed
21:52:12 <zaneb> funzo: you were asking about abstractmethod the other day?
21:52:20 <zaneb> it's not needed IMO
21:52:33 <funzo> ah yes, I was trying to find out what the proper way to force implementation of a method
21:52:50 <zaneb> the proper way is to use C++ ;)
21:52:53 <asalkeld> doesn't exict
21:52:53 <sdake> that should be settled now funzo
21:52:53 <funzo> haha
21:52:57 <funzo> yes
21:53:25 <zaneb> we're not writing a library here, we control both sides of the interface
21:53:46 <funzo> ok, any other topics to bring up?
21:53:49 <zaneb> one way is to implement the method in the parent and have it raise an exception if called
21:54:01 <funzo> oh sorry zaneb
21:54:18 <zaneb> np, carry on :)
21:54:29 <funzo> that's a good pattern, thanks for sharing
21:54:30 <asalkeld> raise NotImplemented()
21:54:34 <funzo> pardon the newb questions
21:54:53 <funzo> cool
21:55:01 <funzo> anyone else?
21:55:29 <funzo> ok then....have a good morning/afternoon/evening
21:55:35 <asalkeld> later
21:55:44 <zaneb> night, y'all
21:55:46 <funzo> #endmeeting