<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#heat Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#heat Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by funzo at 20:57:16 UTC
(<a href="heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">1 Discuss M1 blockers for any open issues</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-37'>funzo</a>, 21:02:02)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">above issues
    listed are blockers for M1</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-71'>funzo</a>,
    21:08:51)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">calfonso to
    label them as blockers in github issues</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-72'>funzo</a>,
    21:09:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">2) M2 issue recap, and adjustments</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-92'>funzo</a>, 21:12:06)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">issue per
    test case in issue tracker to be done by Wednesdsay</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-112'>funzo</a>,
    21:15:18)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">change M2 end
    date to 4/27</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-122'>funzo</a>,
    21:16:40)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">calfonso
    change the dates on m2 to 4/27 and the label</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-132'>funzo</a>,
    21:18:38)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">expand scope
    of m2 to fix bugs we find with the test cases (assuming they aren't
    enormous)</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-150'>funzo</a>,
    21:20:51)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://git.fedorahosted.org/git/?p=subscription-manager.git;a=tree;f=test;h=43ae38da4de9e4545611adcccd60aa5a8a12d20b;hb=HEAD">http://git.fedorahosted.org/git/?p=subscription-manager.git;a=tree;f=test;h=43ae38da4de9e4545611adcccd60aa5a8a12d20b;hb=HEAD</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-170'>funzo</a>,
    21:24:15)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">calfonso
    create an issue and mock out nova</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-189'>funzo</a>,
    21:27:27)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">3 Sprints vs Milestones</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-201'>funzo</a>, 21:29:17)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_%28development%29">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_%28development%29</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-233'>funzo</a>,
    21:33:30)</span></li>
  <li><a
    href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_(development)">http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_(development)</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-234'>blomquisg</a>,
    21:33:30)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">zaneb to add
    pydoc generation and push to heat-api.org</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-325'>funzo</a>,
    21:43:59)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">sdake to find
    zaneb a permanent build machine</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-326'>sdake</a>,
    21:44:16)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">calfonso to
    put process discussion on next weeks agenda</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-347'>funzo</a>,
    21:47:03)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">4 Scrum process</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-349'>funzo</a>, 21:47:18)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">5 M3 Planning / Roadmap discussion</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-350'>funzo</a>, 21:47:25)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">calfonso put
    M3 planning on next monday's meeting</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-367'>funzo</a>,
    21:49:49)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">all discuss
    roadmap on mailing list</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-417'>sdake</a>,
    21:55:55)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">sdake to talk
    with russellb about packaing for fedora</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html#l-440'>funzo</a>,
    21:59:02)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 22:00:16 UTC
(<a href="heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>calfonso to label them as blockers in github issues</li>
  <li>calfonso change the dates on m2 to 4/27 and the label</li>
  <li>calfonso create an issue and mock out nova</li>
  <li>zaneb to add pydoc generation and push to heat-api.org</li>
  <li>sdake to find zaneb a permanent build machine</li>
  <li>calfonso to put process discussion on next weeks agenda</li>
  <li>calfonso put M3 planning on next monday's meeting</li>
  <li>all discuss roadmap on mailing list</li>
  <li>sdake to talk with russellb about packaing for fedora</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> sdake <ol>
    <li>sdake to find zaneb a permanent build machine</li>
    <li>sdake to talk with russellb about packaing for fedora</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> zaneb <ol>
    <li>zaneb to add pydoc generation and push to heat-api.org</li>
    <li>sdake to find zaneb a permanent build machine</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li><b>UNASSIGNED</b><ol>
    <li>calfonso to label them as blockers in github issues</li>
    <li>calfonso change the dates on m2 to 4/27 and the label</li>
    <li>calfonso create an issue and mock out nova</li>
    <li>calfonso to put process discussion on next weeks agenda</li>
    <li>calfonso put M3 planning on next monday's meeting</li>
    <li>all discuss roadmap on mailing list</li>
  </ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>funzo (169)</li>
  <li>sdake (146)</li>
  <li>asalkeld (61)</li>
  <li>zaneb (23)</li>
  <li>blomquisg (23)</li>
  <li>shadower (14)</li>
  <li>jpeeler (8)</li>
  <li>mheat-bot (7)</li>
  <li>shadower|g0n3 (1)</li>
  <li>slower (0)</li>
  <li>pmyers (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
