=============
#heat Meeting
=============


Meeting started by funzo at 20:57:16 UTC. The full logs are available at
heat/2012/heat.2012-04-16-20.57.log.html .



Meeting summary
---------------
* 1 Discuss M1 blockers for any open issues  (funzo, 21:02:02)
  * AGREED: above issues listed are blockers for M1  (funzo, 21:08:51)
  * ACTION: calfonso to label them as blockers in github issues  (funzo,
    21:09:03)

* 2) M2 issue recap, and adjustments  (funzo, 21:12:06)
  * AGREED: issue per test case in issue tracker to be done by
    Wednesdsay  (funzo, 21:15:18)
  * AGREED: change M2 end date to 4/27  (funzo, 21:16:40)
  * ACTION: calfonso change the dates on m2 to 4/27 and the label
    (funzo, 21:18:38)
  * AGREED: expand scope of m2 to fix bugs we find with the test cases
    (assuming they aren't enormous)  (funzo, 21:20:51)
  * LINK:
    http://git.fedorahosted.org/git/?p=subscription-manager.git;a=tree;f=test;h=43ae38da4de9e4545611adcccd60aa5a8a12d20b;hb=HEAD
    (funzo, 21:24:15)
  * ACTION: calfonso create an issue and mock out nova  (funzo,
    21:27:27)

* 3 Sprints vs Milestones  (funzo, 21:29:17)
  * LINK: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_%28development%29
    (funzo, 21:33:30)
  * LINK: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kanban_(development)
    (blomquisg, 21:33:30)
  * ACTION: zaneb to add pydoc generation and push to heat-api.org
    (funzo, 21:43:59)
  * ACTION: sdake to find zaneb a permanent build machine  (sdake,
    21:44:16)
  * ACTION: calfonso to put process discussion on next weeks agenda
    (funzo, 21:47:03)

* 4 Scrum process  (funzo, 21:47:18)

* 5 M3 Planning / Roadmap discussion  (funzo, 21:47:25)
  * ACTION: calfonso put M3 planning on next monday's meeting  (funzo,
    21:49:49)
  * ACTION: all discuss roadmap on mailing list  (sdake, 21:55:55)
  * ACTION: sdake to talk with russellb about packaing for fedora
    (funzo, 21:59:02)

Meeting ended at 22:00:16 UTC.




Action Items
------------
* calfonso to label them as blockers in github issues
* calfonso change the dates on m2 to 4/27 and the label
* calfonso create an issue and mock out nova
* zaneb to add pydoc generation and push to heat-api.org
* sdake to find zaneb a permanent build machine
* calfonso to put process discussion on next weeks agenda
* calfonso put M3 planning on next monday's meeting
* all discuss roadmap on mailing list
* sdake to talk with russellb about packaing for fedora




Action Items, by person
-----------------------
* sdake
  * sdake to find zaneb a permanent build machine
  * sdake to talk with russellb about packaing for fedora
* zaneb
  * zaneb to add pydoc generation and push to heat-api.org
  * sdake to find zaneb a permanent build machine
* **UNASSIGNED**
  * calfonso to label them as blockers in github issues
  * calfonso change the dates on m2 to 4/27 and the label
  * calfonso create an issue and mock out nova
  * calfonso to put process discussion on next weeks agenda
  * calfonso put M3 planning on next monday's meeting
  * all discuss roadmap on mailing list




People Present (lines said)
---------------------------
* funzo (169)
* sdake (146)
* asalkeld (61)
* zaneb (23)
* blomquisg (23)
* shadower (14)
* jpeeler (8)
* mheat-bot (7)
* shadower|g0n3 (1)
* slower (0)
* pmyers (0)




Generated by `MeetBot`_ 0.1.4

.. _`MeetBot`: http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot
