<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#heat Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#heat Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by funzo at 20:55:55 UTC
(<a href="heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">cloudwatch roadmap status</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-25'>sdake</a>, 21:02:40)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">split jeos create into separate repo</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-36'>sdake</a>, 21:04:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">the basic
    proposal is to put cfn/tdl/imaging tools into one package and one
    repo</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-59'>funzo</a>,
    21:08:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">shadower
    create new repo in heat org and put merge jeos code there</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-67'>sdake</a>,
    21:10:23)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">sdake create
    repo for shadower for jeos tools</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-72'>sdake</a>,
    21:11:33)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">roadmap item ubuntu support</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-78'>funzo</a>, 21:13:09)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">roadmap item nested stacks</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-84'>sdake</a>, 21:13:59)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">template parity support</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-96'>sdake</a>, 21:17:13)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">security rework</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-105'>sdake</a>, 21:18:58)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">boto integration</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-114'>sdake</a>, 21:21:02)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">stackforgeing</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-124'>sdake</a>, 21:23:27)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">AGREED</i>: <span class="AGREED">devs agree to
    review patches from other devs in stackforge</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-130'>sdake</a>,
    21:25:09)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">packaging update</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-148'>sdake</a>, 21:27:36)</span>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">functional testing</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-167'>sdake</a>, 21:32:45)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">sdake to
    install f17 host using beaker if possible now</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-198'>sdake</a>,
    21:38:43)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">funzo to look
    into eventlets for deleting security groups</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html#l-200'>sdake</a>,
    21:39:06)</span></li>
</ol>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 21:41:12 UTC
(<a href="heat.2012-06-04-20.55.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>shadower create new repo in heat org and put merge jeos code there</li>
  <li>sdake create repo for shadower for jeos tools</li>
  <li>sdake to install f17 host using beaker if possible now</li>
  <li>funzo to look into eventlets for deleting security groups</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> funzo <ol>
    <li>funzo to look into eventlets for deleting security groups</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> sdake <ol>
    <li>sdake create repo for shadower for jeos tools</li>
    <li>sdake to install f17 host using beaker if possible now</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> shadower <ol>
    <li>shadower create new repo in heat org and put merge jeos code there</li>
    <li>sdake create repo for shadower for jeos tools</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>sdake (76)</li>
  <li>funzo (53)</li>
  <li>asalkeld (24)</li>
  <li>zaneb (23)</li>
  <li>Slower (18)</li>
  <li>shadower (16)</li>
  <li>mheat-bot (5)</li>
  <li>jpeeler (0)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
