<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional//EN">
<html>
<head>
<meta http-equiv="Content-type" content="text/html;charset=UTF-8">
<title>#heat Meeting</title>
<style type="text/css">
/* This is for the .html in the HTML2 writer */
body {
    font-family: Helvetica, sans-serif;
    font-size:14px;
}
h1 {
    text-align: center;
}
a {
    color:navy;
    text-decoration: none;
    border-bottom:1px dotted navy;
}
a:hover {
    text-decoration:none;
    border-bottom: 0;
    color:#0000B9;
}
hr {
    border: 1px solid #ccc;
}
/* The (nick, time) item pairs, and other body text things. */
.details {
    font-size: 12px;
    font-weight:bold;
}
/* The 'AGREED:', 'IDEA', etc, prefix to lines. */
.itemtype {
    font-style: normal;    /* un-italics it */
    font-weight: bold;
}
/* Example: change single item types.  Capitalized command name.
/* .TOPIC  {  color:navy;  } */
/* .AGREED {  color:lime;  } */

</style>
</head>

<body>
<h1>#heat Meeting</h1>
<span class="details">
Meeting started by sdake at 21:11:54 UTC
(<a href="heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Meeting summary</h3>
<ol>
<li><b class="TOPIC">rollcall</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-6'>sdake</a>, 21:14:34)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">sdake, zaneb, shardy, shadower, jpeeler,
    asalkeld present</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-15'>sdake</a>,
    21:16:30)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">status of v6 items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-16'>sdake</a>, 21:16:37)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><span class="INFO">move snapshot to v7 to allow integration
    testing work to finish</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-68'>sdake</a>,
    21:30:08)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">will need two machines for integration test
    linkage with jenkins</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-69'>sdake</a>,
    21:30:21)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">fairly functional cloudwatch implementation
    expected by end of next week</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-70'>sdake</a>,
    21:30:52)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">moving openstack specific heat api to v7 to
    finish integration testing</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-82'>sdake</a>,
    21:33:32)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">asalkeld working on ceilometer api/db to
    support cloudwatch</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-87'>sdake</a>,
    21:34:34)</span></li>
  <li><span class="INFO">cloudformation-&gt;oz tdl - generating oz tdls
    and close to ouputing an updated template</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-103'>sdake</a>,
    21:37:56)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">sdake to
    create repo for cloudformation template-&gt;oz tdl converter</span>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-112'>sdake</a>,
    21:39:33)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">slower to
    research token auth for ha</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-157'>sdake</a>,
    21:46:58)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">roadmap</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-166'>sdake</a>, 21:48:06)</span>
<ol type="a">
  <li><a
    href="https://github.com/heat-api/heat/wiki/Roadmap-Feature:-AWS-template-support-parity">https://github.com/heat-api/heat/wiki/Roadmap-Feature:-AWS-template-support-parity</a>
    <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-172'>sdake</a>,
    21:49:44)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">asalkeld add
    roadmap page describiing ceilometer cloudwatch work based upon heat
    cloudwatch implementation</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-196'>sdake</a>,
    21:57:36)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">shardy add
    roadmap item for s3 integration</span> <span class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-197'>sdake</a>,
    21:59:02)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">sdake add
    roadmap item for quantum integration</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-198'>sdake</a>,
    21:59:12)</span></li>
  <li><i class="itemtype">ACTION</i>: <span class="ACTION">jpeeler
    update roadmap wiki with snapshot feature</span> <span
    class="details">(<a
    href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-215'>sdake</a>,
    22:03:50)</span></li>
</ol>
<br></li>
<li><b class="TOPIC">open items</b> <span class="details">(<a href='heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html#l-218'>sdake</a>, 22:04:19)</span>
</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">
Meeting ended at 22:08:02 UTC
(<a href="heat.2012-08-20-21.11.log.html">full logs</a>).</span>

<br><br>



<h3>Action items</h3>
<ol>
  <li>sdake to create repo for cloudformation template-&gt;oz tdl converter</li>
  <li>slower to research token auth for ha</li>
  <li>asalkeld add roadmap page describiing ceilometer cloudwatch work based upon heat cloudwatch implementation</li>
  <li>shardy add roadmap item for s3 integration</li>
  <li>sdake add roadmap item for quantum integration</li>
  <li>jpeeler update roadmap wiki with snapshot feature</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>Action items, by person</h3>
<ol>
  <li> asalkeld <ol>
    <li>asalkeld add roadmap page describiing ceilometer cloudwatch work based upon heat cloudwatch implementation</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> jpeeler <ol>
    <li>jpeeler update roadmap wiki with snapshot feature</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> sdake <ol>
    <li>sdake to create repo for cloudformation template-&gt;oz tdl converter</li>
    <li>sdake add roadmap item for quantum integration</li>
  </ol></li>
  <li> shardy <ol>
    <li>shardy add roadmap item for s3 integration</li>
  </ol></li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<h3>People present (lines said)</h3>
<ol>
  <li>sdake (102)</li>
  <li>zaneb (37)</li>
  <li>Slower (34)</li>
  <li>asalkeld (22)</li>
  <li>shardy (12)</li>
  <li>shadower (9)</li>
  <li>jpeeler (9)</li>
  <li>mheat-bot (2)</li>
</ol>
<br><br>



<span class="details">Generated by <a href="http://wiki.debian.org/MeetBot">MeetBot</a> 0.1.4.</span>
</body></html>
